hello I'm Mike hey I'm cat and welcome
to news bites so sure where we give you
the news in just one day that's right
cat so first on the news is Assassin's
Creed we softest doing it again and
they're delaying it by a month so you're
not going to get this a little member
20th the pc version the pc version so
ubisoft always does it with those games
always does is with their games i am not
sure why it kind of pisses me off there
what's the read there must be some sort
of marketing reason i guess there's a
marketing reason or maybe they just
screwed up they put all their resources
and to give you on console yeah which
proves the point that console gaming is
better just kidding check one day we'll
get you on ok also the wii u another
delay a cat another delay just like my
period i'm preggers that's correct the
wii u might be delayed in europe another
month it might be coming out december
and Nintendo's target is november
worldwide but that might not be
happening apparently there's huge
problems with the manufacturing of that
gamepad controller and the complexity of
complexity of it according to them
according to like anonymous sources come
on so they could be all garbage I think
it's j hooked actually he'd be saying
the opposite it's amazing it's coming
out tomorrow and the third news today is
that they found another race of humans
in africa the bones are over two million
years old check the link in the underbar
for that so basically they're saying
that along what we were evolving as
humans there is two other Homo sapiens
that were a little different than us and
somehow he survived welcome you were
smarter or stronger or we know how to
use hair products and that's how we
survive I guess that's
right there remember to like the video
if you want me to have a sexual
encounter in C and subscribe if you're
new today top to the morning or evening
bottom of the inning bottom of evenings
top of morning
3 kilobytes